DONE! wrap previous version in classes
DONE! google location api or smthing like that (google places api autocomplete function)
DONE! put secrets in json (config.py contains singleton class)
DONE! environment / requirements file (switched to virtualenv)
DONE! apply logging in another way
DONE! fix configuration usage
DONE! replace basemap with something another (switched to raw matplotlib)
DONE! create hierarchical command usage for bot
DONE! organize calls with custom keyboard (make that a little more interactive)
DONE! implement storing cookies for user (or not in bot but somehow)
DONE! find out how to initialize project
DONE! support async i/o
DONE! support multithreading
DONE! create some visualizations with seaborn or matplotlib or smthing else in notebook
DONE! revise MVC architecture!!!
DONE! implement another 5 visualizations (classic eight style, piecharts, barcharts, smthin else)
DONE! migrate last.fm vars for controllers

FOR ZAPISKA:
    MONDAY:
        another 4 vizualizations
        write unit tests!
        refactor user dialog
        write start and configure dialog
        integrate calendar into custom period choice
        inline bot options?


FUNCTIONALITY:
    HIGH PRIORITY:
        implement how choice with usage of inline buttons
        add inline options to generated image
        add parse support to controller for generation
        store pickle serialization for scrapped data
        store serialized object path's in database

    MEDIUM PRIORITY:
        store some info in sql database
        write migration scripts
        authorize with last.fm token


TILL PROTECTION:
    MISC:
        support logging about valuable information
        implement donation functionality
        inline functionality
        extend messages with markup and emojis
        organize imports

    INTEGRATION:
        write setup.py file to generate code as package
        command line usage with numerous parameters
        write dockerfile

    COVERAGE:
        cover code with commentaries
        write deployment faq
        write unit tests
        write readme file
        write documentation
        write contribution file
